Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle moose, Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, um, Baba, Baba. Let's think about next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which days do you have off next week. Are you not feeling confident about that.
Michelle Lucero: Did you have been Wednesday again next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We can flip that so you can attend. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh, yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like so for next week march 10 you can attend 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: And then March 11
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to have you on call in case someone doesn't show up, but I'll write you in for sure. In case. Everybody does.
For two o'clock.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, so you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you have probation that day or anything.
Michelle Lucero: To women.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so right okay so march 10 so three slush 10 at 7am group and then 311 at 2pm
Michelle Lucero: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty late. That gets into like the other half of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm hoping someone kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: So you really can't take a lunch break. They won't like it take a lunch to spend an hour because those
Michelle Lucero: I only get a 35 minute lunch. There you go.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bite spider bites. Okay, well, we'll stick with this. Hopefully that, what am I gonna wait so long to change the schedule.
Michelle Lucero: Well, because a lot of people have left, and they're hiring new people. So they're using me as the trainer for the French
Michelle Lucero: They want me to have
Michelle Lucero: Experience in the back. So on my schedule when they send it, and it says like 7723 I'll be in the back, but any other times that are like 1230 days 30 or 10 to six, eight to four. Those are rush hour.
Michelle Lucero: And we have this new girl. Well, I know she's not gonna work out because she's so lazy.
Michelle Lucero: And the boss actually called me this morning. And he's like, how did Rachel, do this weekend and I was like, oh my god, she didn't do anything. And he's like, yeah, I was looking at the cameras. It didn't
Michelle Lucero: Get anything
Michelle Lucero: He just wants to stand it or register and just like cheap things up all she has to do funny.
Michelle Lucero: NO WORK BECAUSE SHE KNOWS I'M NOT A manager. She's not listening to me. I'm like, oh, there's wraps. If you want to put clothes away. I shouldn't say if you want to, because of course she doesn't want to. I should say there's rats. Let's put clothes away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not your job to be the boss. If you don't want to take it on you know such your job, the boss people around, it's just probably going to cause conflict so
Michelle Lucero: Yeah. Plus, I also don't like that they're having me train her because I'm fairly new myself.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, people are tripping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh well.
Michelle Lucero: It's because I think honestly women it's because I'm a pushover because
Michelle Lucero: Oh really, I don't know how to say no. Yeah, because people get paid for that, like the lead, they get paid to train people do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to push back to want to be assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Michelle Lucero: Would love to. I just don't, especially at work. I've never known how I feel like our just do it. Michelle, you're getting paid for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's, let's take a look at your goals and see if maybe we could spend some time around that. Let's see how best to spend, spend, THIS HOUR, SO I'M MAKING I'm making a little note that would be sort of working on
Gwenevere Abriel: Both that's a sort of communication, where you say your yes as you say your nose. Your you're setting good limits and
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get into that, but I really want to check on other areas also and make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: An emotional level at home with your children with family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noel just the whole deal. Like, how are we, how's the emotional landscape for you.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, so, um, I've been taking the medication that Dr. Dawn gave me
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. The Wellbutrin
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, okay, well it's generic. I'm pretty sure, right, doesn't matter like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: propre on or something.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, yeah. Anyways, um, I'm getting along with everyone.
Michelle Lucero: I've been really emotional
Michelle Lucero: And not like I mean just stupid things make me cry. But I mean, I've kind of always been like that, but only around my period, but it's not around my period like I had my period of over two weeks ago.
Michelle Lucero: About I just been very late.
Michelle Lucero: For my nephew's birthday party. I cried singing Happy Birthday to him.
Michelle Lucero: My
Michelle Lucero: Emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember what you were thinking, do you remember what you were thinking
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Michelle Lucero: Thinking. Oh well.
Michelle Lucero: I was thinking like, I'm just glad he's still here because he's still using
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Michelle Lucero: Why, oh, maybe that's why
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I sometimes I take for granted that people already know that oftentimes if we're not talking about a threat response from the amygdala oftentimes a thought causes the emotion.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you start thinking, Oh my gosh, she could be dead or this could be my children or what if it happens to them. Those thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are connected to fear, sadness, and so then you're crying people forget or they don't know that that's the case. So you change thinking but it ended of itself, what, there's something wrong with that. That means you have appreciate its place.
You know,
Michelle Lucero: I just get so embarrassed.
Michelle Lucero: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh we you get embarrassed over everything.
Michelle Lucero: I do
Michelle Lucero: I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Register. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how about we work on Aerosmith, which is also tied to. I'm going to put a sort of and embarrassed over here.
Michelle Lucero: Because again, right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. That's part of being human. That means you are a loving, caring person about him, but the embarrassment that speaks to there's something flawed about me what was
Michelle Lucero: Wrong with crying. It means you care for right
Michelle Lucero: silliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, so we have that we have increased
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotional sort of emoting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And how many cigarettes. Let me jump down here. I want to stop. Oh, this is really old funny. You're not gonna believe how all this goal is, I want to be smoke free in seven days when we first met
Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now remember, I could down so much
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was also like, I wonder if it was a miss judgment of goal setting skills, you know, as if to say, well, if I say it will then it will be true, it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Work that easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quitting smoking. Sometimes it's, you know, is harder than you know quitting crack
Gwenevere Abriel: very addictive substance.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how many cigarettes. Have you noticed it's gone down since you're taking on the appropriate on
Michelle Lucero: Um, it's gone down a lot because when I started working. I remember telling you like I was smoking a whole packet date starting working but I met work for eight hours. So that's just at home, smoking or on my lunch. So I bought a pack of cigarettes. On Saturday, and I still have 2467
Michelle Lucero: That was Saturday. Today's Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Calculate how many cigarettes. You're smoking a day for me. Make it easy on me.
Michelle Lucero: So,
Michelle Lucero: That is
Michelle Lucero: Divided by 313 divided by three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so felt three four day
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you are you doing the technique of seeing if you can stay busy for 90 seconds.
Michelle Lucero: That that remains right that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, is it really works because then it ends up happening is you like. All I have to do is get through 90 seconds okay I'm gonna go draw a picture. I'm gonna go
Gwenevere Abriel: wash my face go put base makeup. I'm going to go curl my hair. And I'm going to go drive some dishes. If you can get through 90 seconds. You've probably forgotten about the cigarette. You just started doing this other activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's neat than an hour passes. So try that add that to your okay I'm thinking of using real quick and you go do some knitting get 90 seconds under your belt that 90 will probably turn into an hour.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, or two.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can add that piece to it. Alright, so let me see in here. How much of what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: For example, around sleep around enjoying your life being in this home with Anthony. So how much sleep. Are you getting where's this the symptoms of depression at these days.
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Michelle Lucero: I'm getting good sleep.
Michelle Lucero: Maybe too much like I come home just so tired. I eat. And I'll start watching something on Netflix and just crash.
Michelle Lucero: Okay so early like last night I got off at 830 so I went to bed, probably around 930 and I woke up at five without an alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know Seroquel correct
Michelle Lucero: No. Okay, fine, right, taking
Michelle Lucero: The medication. The new medication that my Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been taking
Gwenevere Abriel: The Wellbutrin for is it for two weeks or a week and a half.
Michelle Lucero: Now, not even a week Thursday will be week okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Most medications kick into gear after a month. I don't remember this one, how quickly it acts like I i know the antidepressants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a while. I don't know about this guy.
Michelle Lucero: She said that it would um
Michelle Lucero: It could make me start feeling different in a week. But just to keep her updated.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your self esteem doing
Michelle Lucero: Um, I feel pretty good.
Michelle Lucero: I've been ensure that I get up and get ready like and be there for work. You know, like as me, not like the lazy me and not wanting to take a shower. I've been making myself through that because I noticed when I don't, I feel horrible about myself all day.
Michelle Lucero: So I've been doing that, I am proud of myself because I've seen you. I already have $350 saved.
Michelle Lucero: And I've never been able to save money. But just knowing what I'm saving it for it, it's easier for me to put it there and not touch it. So, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Say again. What you're saving it for
Michelle Lucero: I'm saving that for when I get my own place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can have a deposit
Michelle Lucero: And first and last one thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's exciting. So you found the motivation. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah. Neat.
Michelle Lucero: And I don't I don't try to talk myself into spending yet. I've noticed, but I think it's because it has a deeper meaning them that for me like it's my security to tell myself, you will be added here when baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, you're, you're making it happen. That's exciting. So do you see the connection between I'm making my own money and I'm saving and then when there's a disagreement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Anthony as acting out. Do you see that you feel differently around his behavior is that starting to feel less threatening or no, it still feels just awful.
Michelle Lucero: No. Um. Well, for one, we haven't really been fighting at all. Lately, like our fights are over stupid things. And I think it's just
Michelle Lucero: I honestly think it's because we're so used to fighting and now that I'm paying bills and taking care of business. He has nothing to bitch about so he complains about a stupidest things so it doesn't bother me.
Michelle Lucero: It will in this in the minute that were arguing it bothers me. But I don't let it linger and like upset me for the whole day. I just get over it quicker. I guess you could say now. Like it doesn't
Michelle Lucero: Bother me and I tell him that like why don't why are you even mad right
Michelle Lucero: I don't get it. Okay, but it pisses him off because he sees that he's not getting to me like I think he's trying to get to me right
Gwenevere Abriel: Your choice here. But if you don't want to poke the bear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just quietly, have your own quiet inner defiance that what a moron. Right. We know we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can do that inside like la but inside
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Right, because I noticed when I do say it out loud. It gives him more fire to cut back at me, or to make it worse because I'm just pissing him off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me give you some phrases
Gwenevere Abriel: That are neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, Anthony. I don't have a right to change your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine someone saying that to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna say yes you do try and change my opinion. No, you won't say that
Gwenevere Abriel: It was he, it'll be like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You put water on the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Anthony. I really get now that I don't have a right to change your mind. Notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. I don't have a right to change your mind isn't saying, I agree with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't say you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it's saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: Inside your quiet rebellion inside the resist all inside is your a book.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't be bothered with minutes wasted.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I'm going to say out loud is things like that or if there is some truth to what he's saying. You can say this
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're saying is important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see how much of that is true for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can understand. You didn't say I agree and take it online. Those two phrases are so broad, you can use them with your boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: co worker that gives you says you're you're terrible at does that well sure don't have the right to change your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or hmm
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see how much of that is true for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: give that some thought. You see,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not here's what it's not doing
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't give more content. If you argue bath. No. Remember yesterday when I did content. Content content item A through Z. Oh, yummy. That is gasoline for an Anthony for a poor employee that's looking for an argument. So you can spar scar scar scar scar going back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't give it to him. There's nothing to do with those he can say, yeah, you give that some thought. I will. And then you repeat it. You don't change, don't, don't give new content. I will. Anthony and thank you for bringing that to my attention. I'll see how much really sticks for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see how much is true for me how much I
Gwenevere Abriel: You decide how much of what someone saying is true for you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an odd way of speaking, but the goal is to neutralize
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Don't give ammunition. Well, think about what you said, I'll take some time and think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The people in your life right now, especially Anthony are not going to be prepared with that kind of response. They're going to be surprised.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is gonna be like
Restroom.
Michelle Lucero: Now, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I'll try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll try passive aggressive and then and then he'll try mind reading and then he'll try projection and you keep
Gwenevere Abriel: With the neutral. You don't delve in to content. He's got nothing to play with. It's got nothing to cut down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this you're continuing to talk about and make this point. It sounds really important to you. I'll give it some thought. Yeah, it's still really important to you. It's still on your mind. See, I've said nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Words are coming out of my mouth. And I've said
Gwenevere Abriel: I've said nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand. Yeah, yeah. You have power. You just haven't quite been
Gwenevere Abriel: Capitalizing on now. You decide. You decide how much energy you want to put into it. If you want to poke the bear you miss having an argument with him, then get into content, have a good time.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, that never turns out good. I just end up more. I just end up angry. So I hate it. I don't like even engaging honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's the underlying is not engaging completely disengaging
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a, that's a powerful tool. It just morning and my little contact as possible as few questions we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can possibly do it on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: That's what I'm doing that work more than here at home is just just engaging like
Michelle Lucero: And I noticed the week I've been doing it with the one leave that like hates me now because his best friend got fired over it. Um, he, he has been been such an ass with me and like I have to call him up to do build checks, like if I get a
Michelle Lucero: A manager has to check the bill to make sure it's not counterfeit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Michelle Lucero: And I keep calling them a manager, but he's not a manager. He's a store week so anyways. He's I have to call him up. So I'll call him up and he's like, what
Michelle Lucero: What do you need
Michelle Lucero: And I just hand him the bill. Like, I won't say anything.
Michelle Lucero: Or he'll come or I'll say, I need a drop
Michelle Lucero: And then that's it I count out the money and hand it to him he hands it back to me. I don't even say thank you because I don't know if that's petty or whatever. But I just, I'm like, I don't want to give him any interaction, because he's not even worth me getting upset over. Okay, I've
Michelle Lucero: Been doing a lot of things to get me upset, but I haven't been letting him like I asked him for a stupid.
Michelle Lucero: What is it called a bill marker, like, you know, you check the bills with that one marker and if it's counterfeit.
Michelle Lucero: Right. Well, I told him I needed a Bill marker, and he's like, oh, I'm surprised you don't already have one. Like if I'm lying and just trying to login to get me shit. And I was like, well, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. That's it. Well, I don't
Michelle Lucero: So then he comes back and I had customers in my line. And I was helping a customer and he ruined that me
Gwenevere Abriel: What a turd.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, he's an ass.
Michelle Lucero: And I was
Michelle Lucero: Because then hit my arm. And I was like, I just looked at him and the customer in front of me was like, oh my god, I guess I turned red like a tomato.
Michelle Lucero: But I just got so mad that he threw it at me and like I was making up things in my head. Oh, he thinks I'm a dog. He's gonna throw things at me. Oh my.
Michelle Lucero: Know what after that.
Michelle Lucero: I think he saw how upset. It made me like I got so mad. I probably even gave him a dirty look but after that he's all my he was nice to me after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Interesting.
Michelle Lucero: But I don't know. I was like, I don't know, it might be because like he's already been warned. Like you're on your last straw, dude.
Michelle Lucero: So he's like, should I just threw that out of her and and customers thought
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's the one that look like an idiot, you don't need to be right. It's behavior. Well you gotta get got quite an Armani there, Joe.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever think about playing baseball
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I told him that
Michelle Lucero: Right, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But you get there.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now you're still other people's behaviors, you're taking it on as a judgment about you and evaluate about you eventually you're going to get in the habit of these little tricks and you'll have that distance and you'll stay calm. You'll be able to crack a joke and
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys quite a pitcher. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the backup career plan or baseball's is going, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But thankfully the pen fast right we can joke when we are not in this perceived threat space. Okay, great. Let's, let's go to, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me, is these other things we've talked about gotten enough attention. Do you want to talk about maybe getting promoted to a lead. Are you a key like you hold a key to the store, things like that.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I have a key to the store. Um, I have a key to the registers. Um, but I, I'm not interested in being the lead or
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then, do you want to be. Is your assertive, because I wrote it down right
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how to say no, I don't know if I'm a pushover.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrote down the word assertive and embarrassed. It's about being asked to do what things that you're not getting paid for that what
Michelle Lucero: Oh, okay. Well, for one, training period.
Michelle Lucero: I've already trained her on like the registers. I trained her on the floor trainer in the back. I trained her since she got there, everything
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you know that that's a paid tasks task.
Michelle Lucero: Because every I'm in the, what is it called the break room.
Michelle Lucero: Uh huh. There's a job description for every position there. Okay. And while I'm eating lunch. I just read those.
Michelle Lucero: Have fun. So
Michelle Lucero: I know, while I have nothing else to do.
Michelle Lucero: I just wanna. I don't want to listen to my YouTube because the break rooms right there by the warehouse and everyone here, but so the leads are supposed to be the ones training the new hires.
Michelle Lucero: And I'm just a cashier
Michelle Lucero: And the cat shares job is just to, you know, work their own George and put out merchandise as needed and keep those for looking good. It's not a dream at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's the one that told you to train this woman.
Michelle Lucero: The store manager Ernie. He's like the
Michelle Lucero: He's our score manager. Okay. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Ernie is friends with your PO
Right.
Michelle Lucero: Best friends. Yes. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really what what do you want to do. Do you want this setting to be a place where you practice assertiveness, is it worth it to you, or is it a better investment is only you know Michelle I you know I don't know you know where the better investment is
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe later on, you do want to be elite.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we look at why you don't want to be a lead. I mean, I don't know, but it's I really resent that I could not say no if that's what that spaces, then we can talk about ways that you can say your know what do you
Michelle Lucero: I wish, I wish I could learn ways to say no and not just in my job like
Michelle Lucero: My niece just asked me to watch Laila tomorrow and she's the infant she's three months or so I'll be able to do nothing, because she's like 24 seven like you have to be with her all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you say to
Michelle Lucero: Find this and
Michelle Lucero: She just asked, Are you off tomorrow. And I said, Yes. And she said, can you want Laila.
Michelle Lucero: And I thought about it and I was like, thinking of all the things I have to do that I'm supposed to do, Wednesday, and I'm like, um, I guess I could squeeze everything into Tuesday.
Michelle Lucero: But that's like going to be impossible. I can't. There's no way I could do everything in one day. Okay, but I already said yes. So now I feel stuck. And it's the day before. I doubt, she'll be able to find someone else like I'm just, I get so mad at myself because I do this all the time when
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you do. Yeah. And you recognize that and we'll keep it will keep working on it that I have no problem with that.
Michelle Lucero: But then in the minute. I'm like, Oh, I should say no.
Michelle Lucero: But then, like, Oh, I feel so bad for her because that's the daughter of my nephew that keep screwing up and like the moms doing it on her own. So like anytime I can help. I want to help, but then I put myself in these situations to where I'm like,
Michelle Lucero: I should have just said no.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I just, I don't know.
Michelle Lucero: If
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: How you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are just I'm not she convinced me how you're just as valuable as give me the name of Laila mother, just give me your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly. Kelly.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: rattle it off. I'm just as valuable.
Michelle Lucero: As well, yes.
Michelle Lucero: Kelly. Oh, you want me to just say that
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to give me evidence. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just as value for the following reasons.
Michelle Lucero: Because I need rest.
Michelle Lucero: Okay. And because I have a list of things I need to do that. I plan to do on my days off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what I mean.
Michelle Lucero: Like, I need a wash all the bedding in the house. Okay. Need to do laundry and neither clean my room. I need to wash the neither shampoo the carpet in my room.
Michelle Lucero: Like all these things all week. I don't have time for. I put on a list to do on my days off. And I know it's probably not going to get all done, but at least I want to try, but I can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dovetail and sister.
Michelle Lucero: I'm trying to talk myself into it but
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but we're doing something else. Let me just share the list. I need rest. So I value myself because this body needs rest okay and you have a preference for bedding that's clean laundry carpet that's clean, you have a task of things that you want to address. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: you value your values for cleanliness, I guess we could count that one as that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What else do you value about you.
Michelle Lucero: I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is a sad little less girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Met your self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 10 what number do you put it at
Michelle Lucero: Myself as esteem is low. I know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me hear what it is. Cuz I'm like, where's this. What number is it up.
Michelle Lucero: Like a three.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it is no mystery that you're saying yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're still Acquainting Your value with what you do for others say that to me.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I totally am
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about it, put it in your own words and see if you want to keep living that so let me hear it. I'm going to keep sacrificing probable, Tony. That's what's going to do. What's your plan.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I just
Michelle Lucero: I don't know how to put it. But yeah, I do that, hopefully.
Gwenevere Abriel: You learn that as a little girl.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to need to really find out in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did these people love you and care for you because of all your service.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you never get to really find out
Gwenevere Abriel: This goes back to, I want to make friends and I want to be liked and I, it goes way back to all that. But ultimately, it's this this slowly level three.
Michelle Lucero: And not only that, just just filling needed
Michelle Lucero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do the same thing.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, like they need me. And that makes me feel better about myself just waiting for them, even though, in the long run. It's proving myself over
Gwenevere Abriel: So it won't come the healing won't come from us analyzing it like this where we go oh well it's logical to do is going to come from that stuff we were doing before where you feel it and you work through it from that reprocessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've given ourselves only about 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what we can do to have some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some intervention here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say I am
Gwenevere Abriel: You pronounce your daughter's name McKayla
Michelle Lucero: Michaela yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say I'm Michaela
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to teach me
Gwenevere Abriel: Although you don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to teach it, and by teaching you may decide. I don't want to be a hypocrite.
Gwenevere Abriel: I better do this to
Gwenevere Abriel: Either live it. If I'm going to model this for my daughter. It's just, I'm just mentioning your daughter just because she's female. We could do it for your son to okay yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So I come to you on Michaela and I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, I have so many friends, but my gosh I get none of my homework done. Everybody's like keeping me up like until two and three in the morning and everybody's coming over to my house and got all their problems and dumping it on me and like I'm everybody's like therapist but um
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I guess I'll have to just all drop out of school, I guess. I mean, my friends need me so
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Michelle Lucero: That is a horrible idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: They need, what are you talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Friends in the most important thing they need me. And that's it.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I know you need you. You're almost done with school you're doing so good dropping out now would be like the worst mistake in the world, your friends.
Michelle Lucero: You can give them advice, but you can't stop your life for them.
Michelle Lucero: Like it's fine with them advice, but they need to live their own lives and you need to live your
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, then they'll like catch an attitude and start gossiping and spread and crap about me and I can't deal. I'm just gonna just gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't deal with the drama. I'm just going to help them. In fact, I want someone to say this weekend over
Gwenevere Abriel: got kicked out. And she's staying with us.
Michelle Lucero: I even know what
Michelle Lucero: What
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were. You did. You said don't stop your life.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, like that's the worst thing you could do. You're doing good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm a helper. I'm a good friend. That is my life.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to me.
Michelle Lucero: You need to be there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that mean, I don't even know to me, Mom.
Michelle Lucero: You can't give up on what you're doing because your friends need you, you need to remember that you come first. You could give them advice and help them in that way, but you can't stop your life for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not school is like this weird thing that like, from what I can tell, has nothing to do with earning a paycheck, like I don't even get it, but I'm going to have to have these friends and they have my back.
Michelle Lucero: No, because if they were your friends. They wouldn't even let you drop out because they know how good you're doing and you're like three months away from graduating
Michelle Lucero: So just remember like if they were your friends, they, they would be on board with you to stay in school.
Michelle Lucero: And remember, high school friends aren't always friends forever. And that's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what's forever.
Michelle Lucero: till you're 30
Michelle Lucero: Half the none of the girls that I was friends with a nice girl and my friends with. Now, none of them.
Michelle Lucero: Actually my enemy from high school is now my best friend's
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, how do you say no, I don't understand. How do you do it on
Michelle Lucero: Hold on, let me call when
Gwenevere Abriel: You're funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we, this is how old this this topic is um you know that list of fancy ways of saying no. I wonder how many times you've copied that that poster at
Gwenevere Abriel: Least twice. They're still good. They're good for no. Well, they're good for your boss. They're good for Ernie they're good for Anthony, they're good for everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have that to give right now, but I'll call you later. If I get these these things done, I'll let you know if something changes.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, and I just found that list. It was in my Google Chrome like because I screenshot it, I need to refresh that and put it like as my screensaver.
screensaver.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you need like a temporary henna tattoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: By matching T shirts for my son for Anthony, I'd be like, I want
Gwenevere Abriel: You to
Gwenevere Abriel: Teacher for a month. And when you talk to me. I'm going to look at your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, yeah.
That
Michelle Lucero: That's a good idea. Just have the whole family wear those shirts.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that
Gwenevere Abriel: So. So on one hand you put in motion that's on you. But again, you did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is on you you if you change the plans you run the risk of pulling the wrong out. She counted on that you want to be. I'm assuming a reliable person that you're not yeses have value that time you watch you gave
Gwenevere Abriel: More than you had to give much if instead on that call. You know what, you know, people are going to call you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The calling ask for something a lot of people in your life are asking. Okay, so you see the call coming in or whatever and you say okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta get ready. What am I going to do if someone asked for something. Okay, I'm gonna say
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel so honored that you would ask me, you know how much I love hanging out with why unless she's such a cutie patootie. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today's I got a lot going on. I'll call you if you want. If you want last minute stuff if you can't find someone else I might be able to. But I'll call you in about three o'clock. If I'm free. I can offer a little bit of time. Will that work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to be prepared. You notice your little notes.
Mm hmm.
They need to be out
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you really believe that your only value comes
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because you do for others.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't want to even want to make this change.
Michelle Lucero: You really think doesn't work like that. But I do feel like I do like even at work. I'm like,
Michelle Lucero: They're asking me to do this stuff because
Michelle Lucero: Like, that's how I see my value or like, I don't know how to put it. But yeah, totally.
Michelle Lucero: I right after I do it. I'm like, shit. I should have said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now tell me, tell me what you would be doing. So we have a finite amount of energy. We have energy we have time. We don't have all the energy in the world. We don't have all the time in the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to decide whether you have 20 minutes six hours to give my point is you give what you have to give watch without resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have 20 minutes to give without resentment. I'm not going to give six hours. I don't have that to give, I might end up being resentful. I'll give what I have to give generously with nothing in return. That's what you give
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're being able to go back to the self, we're looking at this low self esteem. This numbers of three.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're having a hard time saying I have value intrinsic value more with and I know out here because of your upbringing, because that wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: How you were raised, because you weren't told over and over again. You're not your performance. You're not what you do for me. You're born enough you're born beautiful, perfect just the way you are. You don't have to do a thing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'll teach you how to be a socialized person, pull that segment years well clear
Gwenevere Abriel: So, psychologically, I can see those pieces. But what do you do, what do you do with it. It means be show you're going to be a little uncomfortable with doing some behavioral experiments. But if you do these if you're interested in doing them and pretty low threat environments at this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be respected, this woman knows the value
Gwenevere Abriel: Of her time this woman knows the value of her resources. She respects herself. Watch. She can be trusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knew the value in itself self can be a message to others.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we are trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting dynamic I'm trustworthy, because I know what I'm capable of doing. I know my resource. I know what I have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: I know who I am. You know what I stand for. I know what I will not tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think, well, I need to know that first, then I'll say my know
Gwenevere Abriel: May not go that direction, it might be you develop it through rehearsal. Yeah, it's like the 10th time this week I
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it with Anthony was like
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds really important. I'll give some thought to what you're sharing and then you did it again and then you did it again and then all of a sudden you're like hey wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel pretty confident. It's called
Gwenevere Abriel: Called an aqua finale or something. It doesn't mean one thing has to come before the other you you can build the self esteem by rehearsing these skills, Michelle. What do you believe that you were born with. It's not contingent on something you do
Gwenevere Abriel: First, start with your daughter or your son. What were they born with, did they have to serve you in order to be valued and loved by you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know why why
Michelle Lucero: Because they love them unconditionally.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are loved unconditionally to you just didn't get that message enough when you were coming up, you know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconditionally. Michelle unconditionally conditionally means I've got to keep doing and doing and sacrificing and I've got to feel needed in order to be loved. That is not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to be quiet. You have to refuel rest, do your hobbies, enjoy your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: But where are you getting that unconditional love from not from Anthony from who
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, well, there's been this relationship, you're gonna have to sacrifice to her. So you keep reinforcing that pattern with her, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tammy gives you a little bit. I think because she wants to kind of go this way in that way. And she's still like, I love you girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you get a little bit from hurting
Michelle Lucero: And Stefan's totally he loves me unconditionally. I know.
Michelle Lucero: I don't have to do anything.
Michelle Lucero: McCabe, on the other hand, she's a little different, but my son, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you let that in you taught him what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's teaching you let that in
Gwenevere Abriel: We are not whether we perform this or that, if we were then, look how much is at stake if I make a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I let someone down
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be depressed and really mad at myself. I'll be intolerant of it. But if I can see my value comes from something other than my being needed or performing
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tolerate making a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're at work and someone throws a pen at you and that's only a metaphor, although not really, but it is can be right. Look what it is, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone throwing anything that you someone hurling an accusation an insult and a judgment that pen is a metaphor. People will continue to do it for
Gwenevere Abriel: Their reasons. It doesn't mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. No way, I'm not answering that door. Think we got got some preaching going on and happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see, do you see what I'm trying to say. Right. People will become an issue with their story meaning their opinion their judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And soon as you see it, you're going to register caring about other people's opinions first because you've been doing it for so long, but you just go back inside yourself and you say, Well, what do I actually think I'm working hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm standing here in front of a customer. I know what's up. I'm feeling pretty. Oh, I'm good.
goofball.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go into the self, you go to, I'm okay. What do I like about myself right now. Is there any big you know I want good you go back to you, you go back to your own opinion of this moment not staying out here what someone else thinks of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're probably for a while going to need to go out into Estefan has have a hard time I would make it sound like Gloria Estefan I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Never
Stefan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stefan Stefan still
Michelle Lucero: Like it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be years before I get it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry about that.
Michelle Lucero: Well, you leave them on, but we don't come on
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's why. So okay, so you may be doing that for a while because you're not in the habit of how to cultivate it on your own. So you go outside. You like
Gwenevere Abriel: What would I want for my son to believe in himself. What do I want to encourage and nurture in him self confidence. He's not just how much he weighs. He's not just
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, whether these group of friends like him. He's still lovable and adorable and charming, a wonderful intrinsically his value is not determined on the number of friends. He has you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you got to put it inside yourself and you go, I, I want that for my son. I want my son to have that freedom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that he can choose the people he wants to spend time with and not just having a group of friends that are kind of turkeys and they don't respect him and appreciate him. I can do that for myself too. I want it for my son, I can do that for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want this for myself myself that over and over. This is what I want for my son. Oh, I want this for myself. I'm teaching it. I'm learning and myself. We're doing this together for a while that might be the case. So this three gets up to a 789 and 10
Gwenevere Abriel: So at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I say, oh boy, um, will you go ahead and finish training Sarah bell on the cash register today. What do you say,
Michelle Lucero: I'm still kind of getting used to it myself.
Michelle Lucero: Can you ask Jackie.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. Does that sound like an asshole.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it sounds really sweet. And it's really sweet and they say, well, but you were training yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what
Michelle Lucero: I go ahead
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk time so I say no. But you're trying to train her yesterday. What's the difference
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, but she had a lot more questions than I had answers. So I think it would be better if Jackie trained her cuz I really don't know a lot. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would fit perfect and I would feel more comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: If someone else trained right you setting that boundary. You do not sound like an ass you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You're you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a very sweet way of communicating. You don't have to worry about.
That
Michelle Lucero: I feel like when they asked me that they're trusting me so I need to do it because them them trusting me to do it.
Michelle Lucero: Do you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the old way of
Michelle Lucero: Oh, that's so you
Michelle Lucero: Get them to trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no. The differences we say it we name it, we say, Ooh, that feels good. You're trusting me with this. You see that I'm already learning. I already learned these things, thank you. I feel complimented
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it I name it. I say it out loud, what's going on when you guys are trusted me without I feel so honored. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not quite ready to train someone else I probably need a little while and not a little confused because I thought that was the leads responsibility, but I do feel really like you guys are trusting me in that feels so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see what I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I named it now. You know what's going on. I named it
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need. Notice that word need came up earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Name it
Gwenevere Abriel: You need it. You're my puppet when you need me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I control you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly.
Anthony
Ernie
Gwenevere Abriel: When you need need need need when you can't cultivate that inner trust in the self you need it from them to need you to trust now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta start here. You've got to be able to do all that inside feels good, like, Ooh, I like it. It can be a compliment. It's the cherry on top, but it is not the flower.
Gwenevere Abriel: The baking soda. The sugar. No, that comes from within compliments feel awesome but meeting them need need need need need need need
Gwenevere Abriel: They own you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's hard to see it in the moment and I know that
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I mean, I could see it now, of course, but then I'm like,
Michelle Lucero: It's so hard for me to say no because then I feel like I'm being an ass or like, that's rude. Just say yes. What is it gonna hurt.
Michelle Lucero: Well then, afterwards, I am. I feel like, damn, they just took advantage of me and I totally let them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it does hurt.
Michelle Lucero: But yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're waiting for them to stop hurting you, people won't
Michelle Lucero: You have to set the boundary. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing you do to remember all this fancy talk, take a breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking about that offer Ernie
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel really confident. See I breathe and then the blood red blood gets to my brain. I gotta jump out and I got to meet with this client I breeze. And then I remember the fancy stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give what you have to give. And then you won't you won't feel taken advantage of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can do it. I think I could do it, maybe for about 10 minutes or I can do it, just on this part of the register, but the rest of it. I'm kind of uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can ask Betty Joe to do it. That'd be great. And I think that's part of like her lead responsibility. Anyway, I still kind of need a review, blah, blah, blah. You don't sound big
Gwenevere Abriel: Not to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. All right. We'll keep working on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you is there medication attached to today.
Michelle Lucero: No, I have none today or
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow, wait, let me rephrase my question. Do you need me to listen to your doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get medication ordered
Michelle Lucero: Yes, please. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So our next appointment is next Tuesday in group. So hold on I'm just going to message right now I'ma say, Michelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got those appointments down. We got group and then I'll try and catch it earlier in the day on Wednesday. But either way, we'll follow up at two if everything everybody shows up to their appointment.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, so it's the 10th at seven in the 11th that too. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And I'm still going to be texting you trying to get you in earlier on the 11th, because that's really late in my day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, my hair.
Michelle Lucero: Fine, I'll be
Michelle Lucero: Okay, thank you. Glenn, bye bye bye
Gwenevere Abriel: Be right there, fun
Session.
Shaun w: You get my message.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be right there. Sean I'm going to open up a note for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you mind turning your, your, there's a sound that I can hear the TV or radio or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: My database is giving me a hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh this body.
Gwenevere Abriel: My database is like, we're sorry but something went wrong system just experienced an error. I don't need that this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need that. This morning, we don't need this. We need everything working. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right well snuggle. Plus, we'll just work it out later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh yeah, I see you've got me on this picture here, we'll go back to this. Okay. So good morning. Yes, I kind of got it. But I was meeting with someone just now. I think you're saying, You gotta jump out of here pretty quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So speaking of jumping. I
Shaun w: Don't know what in 40 minutes ago. I gotta leave it like 940
Gwenevere Abriel: So these sessions are minimum of 45 minutes. So speaking of jumping out early you left group yesterday and I didn't get to hear from you. What's going on.
Shaun w: Is I had to go in time ran out. It was already. It was already 10 o'clock, so I left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's talk about some group etiquette that will work better.
Shaun w: For the
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we can make some changes, leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: So sometimes when people do is they'll say, Hey, I'm, I'm going to have to leave right on on the spot because the commitment is only for that hour and that's fair. I tried to be careful. But it's we're human, so we kind of talk, but you can say, can I be one of the people that shares first
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Can I kind of go first or I can you see it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's go back because I haven't signed that note from yesterday. Um, what did you write for growth mindset that seemed like some more difficult steps for you which which seemed kind of challenging of those
Shaun w: Secondly, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did your sentence say
Shaun w: One was find a good job first to get closer to God. Three become friends board new friends five not now seats workout seven start to care more
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't keep up with that I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Two number three which you started, which is family. What did what was the sentence.
Shaun w: become friends.
With family.
Shaun w: Yeah, I guess so. I guess that's what I put number three.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we just start
Shaun w: I found me don't really know me. I've been gone so long. So there. I'm getting to know them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that now that's a valuable endeavor. So becoming friends get to know me, you get to know them. So part of the reason why I phrased it this way, my step forward is to capture the first step.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you accomplish that, what's one of the first steps you can take
Shaun w: What comes to becoming friend.
Shaun w: Is getting it on
Shaun w: Talking to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we talking about which we're talking about your, your children are other people who were talking about your role.
Shaun w: Models me
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it'd be different for each person. We're not going to talk exactly the same way with everyone. Right. It's more nuanced.
Shaun w: By talking to me, kicking back into North
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you already started talking to them.
Shaun w: Yeah, talk to everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's back up. You said one step, I need to do is I need to start talking to them, but you're already talking to them.
Shaun w: Are you getting all i put become friends. What I'd be put
Shaun w: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Now, now we're getting a little bit more precise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know you've taught
Gwenevere Abriel: Sean doesn't trust easily
Shaun w: Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's because we're blood relatives doesn't mean I'm going to trust you. Right. It doesn't
Shaun w: Automatically oh
Shaun w: It is not
Gwenevere Abriel: earn it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right over time we see people take something precious to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is our vulnerable stuff and we put it out there like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we see how people treat it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not forever. Little bit we test the water right
We just put it out there like
Gwenevere Abriel: You've done it with me to test you test me don't you re put a little bit out there. See what I do see if I just
Gwenevere Abriel: We had we had stuff right away. We got to find out, well, this woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach my P O or to just share everything or whatever. Can I, can I tell her I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm tripping or whatever you're using. Can I do that you know we we earn that trust you and I worked at that
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think of. That's why I'm asking you to kind of pick one person if developing friendship might be different for different people who do you interest who kinda you think I might start with a cousin or will you thinking
Shaun w: About my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just remind me the age 12
Shaun w: When I was eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: So being friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often you're already talking to them.
Shaun w: Now it's like once every two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you know it's funny. I just remembered that joke you cracked right as we were ending our last session. Do you remember what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're very funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming you're kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: She said,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna call my daughter up and hang up on her.
Shaun w: Oh no, I know I talked older
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and I don't even know what the topic of the day was because I can't see my notes. I've got this sorry we're having a problem. So, but I remember that because that cracked me up. And I was like, really.
Shaun w: Okay, so you're here they are. They have three cases, the corona Lyme disease all here.
I did not know that.
Shaun w: Yeah.
Shaun w: Corona Lyme disease.
Shaun w: Wow.
Shaun w: Get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A corona.
Shaun w: Corona Lyme disease.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. That's a cute one. Yeah, my little, little thick there for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's uh, let's talk a little bit about friendship with your 18 year old son, what's his name, so I don't call an 18 year old son every time.
Shaun w: kayden. What a beautiful name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing when you're talking with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: It seems like it gets in the way.
Shaun w: He works a lot. He goes to school and he works a lot so
Shaun w: I'm he's he's graduating this year.
Shaun w: So he's a he works a lot. He works like 35 hours a week, almost a full time job.
Shaun w: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What gets in the way, is he's busy and he's hard to get ahold of am I hearing you correctly.
Shaun w: Yeah yeah he's busy a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can relate to that capture
Shaun w: Yeah, yeah. And we're gonna go take a blood test here a little bit. I go to get on my hip see treatment. So I will give you a scary one test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so glad you're getting the treatment. That's great. Yeah, so the when you do speak with him. So let's go in there. We know time
Gwenevere Abriel: gets in the way of developing this friendship. But when you're talking to, let's go with what you notice about maybe something he does or says that might get in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of developing closeness one will go to maybe what's going on for you. What's he say or do. That seems like it's hard to connect or be friends, let's say,
Shaun w: You just talk to me. He talks to me is, we're friends.
Shaun w: Because he doesn't he talks to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he share about
Shaun w: Just short with his answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so you add, it's one of those he you asked questions. He just yes, though.
Shaun w: Yeah yeah
Shaun w: Yeah, basically. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know the difference. My questions are never intending to be insulting. I just literally don't know um
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know the difference between a closed and a closed ended question and an open ended question.
Shaun w: Though
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. So notice how you just said no.
He
Gwenevere Abriel: A closed ended, which means your responses will be yes or no, that's a closed ended, which means it's not a
Shaun w: Converse, be a short answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's like what I answered you dad, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we
Gwenevere Abriel: If we if we ask open ended. You'll get more information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, sometimes a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: About your boss. What do you like about him an open ended.
Shaun w: You got the same job for like two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you really come on now. What do you want to know about your boy, what do you really want to know.
Shaun w: How he's doing. I don't know what I want to know.
Shaun w: You don't know.
Shaun w: What have relationships. I just want to have relationship with him. That's it. We want to know nothing about it.
Shaun w: Already know everything really, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's the one you picked for become friends. So
Shaun w: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been listening to you.
Shaun w: You asked me to pick somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Get away with fibbing in here. Can we
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Shaun w: Know, I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Listening right
Shaun w: I'm gonna be deconstruct
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe the friendship really is a two to needed with him, not with Kate and maybe it's someone else. Maybe you've already got a friendship rolling
Now, who might it be, who else
Shaun w: My daughter and my daughter, but she's real smart ass all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we talked about her. Maybe that's a place to start.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you think that what gets in the way. Is each of you are Miss trusting both of you have that in common.
Shaun w: I don't know. My daughter is real. She tries to call me real mean she she she used to call the lead me some best the best one day she called me let me and that she's all hey motherfucker and all
Shaun w: The mom called me and I said hey do you lead eg because she's all know because my ex wife's or Christian
Shaun w: Well, you know, she's all know that was all. You know what I want to show you this message that she's leaving me
Shaun w: Then all of a sudden she goes all done. She hangs up the phone and then all sudden my daughters calling the other line there. She's calling me she's all please don't show my mom that message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have a good sense of humor about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's another part of you. We can have really complex feelings for our family.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's a smart ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a mother is more than just a smart ass though.
Shaun w: Yeah, as disrespect. As I told her you keep talking like that. These are my answer your calls the morning
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just say that you can all hold on to the button for getting this respected I'll borrow that button and you don't have to have that button just for 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you were just in dad role and dad doesn't get offended dad does compassion dad does unconditional love dad does analysis dad looks at daughter wonder what's going on with her huh
Gwenevere Abriel: But the button. I'm going to hold that for just a while. It'll give it back to you can get offended later disrespected, if you want. Put the button right up front.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if you didn't get distracted with the, hey, mother fucker right didn't get distracted with that.
Shaun w: That piece me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what not, not now.
Shaun w: The buttons. Not that was why they followed us, you know, and I will reply slappers you know i mean you know you talking to you like that.
Hey, Sean.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not dad behavior, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad.
Shaun w: Dad, growing up, if we
Shaun w: Said, anything like that to my grandma somebody we got slapped
Gwenevere Abriel: You fell in love with that slap
Shaun w: Me feel know there's love there's discipline. There's discipline to go
Shaun w: We gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: earn it. First, let me, let me try and do my job. See how it works out you entertain me humor me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we can cut me down and I'm fine with that. Here we go, let's say I'm the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's going to get offended and disrespected, but not you. Not this time. First we're going to connect with daughter, we're going to establish this unconditional love stuff. We're going to earn this trust. I'm there for you. You're here for me, we love each other and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we discipline. Let's say that the order flipped where your order might be. You got to respect me now. And then I'll show you unconditional love. Let's just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this therapist just got this weird way of looking at the world that we flipped the script and went the other way around.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you decided to hear for intent and her fear and her concern behind her anger and we address the anger later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gets just, just let me just try it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine what your daughter is feeling underneath her anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't that button still over there.
Shaun w: I don't know. I don't know what the problem is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, watch. Who knows what our problem is
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here's comes an open ended question.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, Asia, the way you're you're talking to me is a little distracting and we can talk about that later.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what's going on underneath that. Is it the years of me not being around. Are you uncertain about how to connect with me. I'm confused too. I'm scared to I know for sure. I know I love you. And although I may not know how to connect with you. I know I want to
Shaun w: Colleges, I think, I think she hold it against me because I you guys started I got hooked on math and I jumped up and I left my wife, my kids I just left them and I just
Shaun w: went on with my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and so that
Shaun w: We own the house. We were married. We own the house for seven years, we did good allies money that I got hooked up to shine.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's brilliant. That you can sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: That mean you see how that's a different space you create a different space you're able to share that with me, but you're not the one that hurt me. You didn't let me down. I'm not stuck with abandonment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter, I might be like, I would call you a mother fucker right because of what she did, but I'm not going to talk about what you did, because that's, that's, that's my vulnerability and you might
Shaun w: She has daddy issues. No.
Shaun w: Issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother or issues or daddy issues which
Gwenevere Abriel: You can label it and poo poo it. But you do know, and so it's in there. Hey data. It's a little hard to get
Gwenevere Abriel: To to know you, what we're calling each other names, but I want to tell you something, and you take it like this motherfucker part, you've got like
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it off to the side and you hear what's underneath it. You know what it is. Are you suspect. And so you check in with her. I'm wondering if all that anger. I'm hearing has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: How I let you down addiction had the best to me and and I left out or whatever your truth is I wonder if you would be earning that kind of trust with her and developing that relationship where you could stop kind of name calling and hanging up on each other. That kind of silliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying, that's another way to go about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want it to.
Shaun w: Hold it a Korean car this weekend was the sound words where you can be like Arnold Schwarzenegger. You can be all kinds of different people, you could talk to people on the bone.
Shaun w: Do
Shaun w: I see, I see it all plays nice to a screen quarter way. And my grandma the you know the full metal jacket from that movie. The drill sergeant or Full Metal Jacket.
Shaun w: Yeah, I called my grandma, AND SHE HAS THE PHONE CALLS ALL. What's your excuse
Shaun w: Me.
Shaun w: Control my grandma and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's an app.
Shaun w: Yeah, it's an ethical sound words and you can talk to people and you can be Dr. Phil and all you do is click other scenes when they say something you just click on something like that and you say something back to 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh I like I could do a whole like therapy session on that.
Shaun w: Yes. SOUND boards are great.
Shaun w: You know, and it's where you can
Shaun w: Talk to people like hello
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it might be a nice little armor for you to be able to say something, but in a in a kooky kind of fun way in a playful way that might be in between these for you, you know, to eat.
Shaun w: I can hear you. Let me, let me get my, I can hear you. Good. Let me get my son to blow my nose. I can hear you. Oh, okay.
Well,
Shaun w: I can hear you. Good. I'll wait till your mic.
Shaun w: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you share with me. What's coming up for you as we've we've delved a little bit into this notion of of developing a friendship with data.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's making you think about
Shaun w: I just wanted to have a good life be somebody
Yeah.
Shaun w: Sometimes I thought if I stayed away, maybe because I would ruin their life by balls around like coming around with drugs and stuff. So if I stayed away, it would be better off. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Was your intent.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Story. If you don't tell us what story to us if we don't know your intent, most likely will blame ourselves that we are unlovable, and you've abandoned me because I'm bad or something wrong with me.
Shaun w: Does that make sense that that people might do that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would want to know your intent.
Shaun w: Maybe we should get older.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old is she,
Gwenevere Abriel: She's 15. Oh, I do not agree it's not okay.
Shaun w: She's still young, can I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I tell you something. This, this young woman is calling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And leaving us messages.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would you want her to know that she's loved now.
Shaun w: I told turn
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there's showing this change story in her head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Change the story. What do you think she can understand this or is this about your fear which is it you don't think a 15 year old can understand that.
Shaun w: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember when you're doing it 15
Shaun w: I was locked go for a drive by shooting when I was 15
Gwenevere Abriel: You think a 15 year old can't understand hearing their dad say I was using. And I thought, maybe if I stayed away. You'd be better off. You think she can't hear that
Shaun w: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, that means years of her not having to think she's broken unlovable would want to catch it as quick as we can and undo it in for Karen and healing.
Shaun w: She called me about her boyfriend, the other day, and she was trying to tell me and I turning on you're stuck on stupid deja vu is decent you gotta just descent back and don't be with him, they be together like two years burger.
Shaun w: And I don't like eating anyway. She's too young. And then I turned on and
Shaun w: I tried to talk to her about but I'm being straightforward. I'm not sitting here trying to sugarcoat anything so I toward a tour of the way I felt about him. What should she do, and then she hung up on me all mad because of course he was stuck on stupid with this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't remember being a 15 year old boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all about hormones and what's attractive and come on
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's
Shaun w: Locked I was locked up from deep into the team.
Shaun w: So yeah, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You make good choices about women.
Shaun w: Know,
Shaun w: I always get attracted to like these dirty sluts. Oh, I don't know why.
Shaun w: Those are the women. I don't want to be with you know but I that seemed like those are the ones I attract
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you. Daisy has reached out to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you're giving advice and we know it's consistent with your personality to shoot people. Straight right. You just, you're a straight shooter. You tell exactly as it is.
Shaun w: But I tried to be
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's a way to be honest and kind
Shaun w: I just think this world is getting to where everybody's trying to be too politically correct about everything when people can't even see what they feel really no marks. You want to try to people, please everybody.
Shaun w: You know i mean i'm not i don't care to people pleasing by if somebody asked me a question a while my my input and I'm going to tell them the truth. You don't see it. And if they don't like it. They don't ask me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you think you don't try and look particular way sometimes maybe you give an answer.
Shaun w: Sometimes everybody does sometimes, but still I try not to. I try to be straightforward. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm honest, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm careful
Gwenevere Abriel: How I say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take effort and your daughter is worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're worth it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Attending to your ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: come first and then the discipline. Does that make sense.
Shaun w: Yeah, build a relationship. First, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I don't give advice. I can't tell people how to live their life. I just throw different ideas. If any of it appeals to go for it. If not, Pitch it. Forget it ever happen but
Shaun w: There aren't good
Shaun w: You're a good counselor i've been i've you're good, sir.
Shaun w: I think you're really, you do a really good job, your job. No, no, I hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope people feel that they're getting new ways of approaching their thoughts and feelings and live site. I hope people feel empowered. I hope that's happening. I, I feel like I'm a witness to it every day. I feel privileged to be a part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think your, your honesty is going to serve you very well because you're not only honest with others, right, there's moments you set just today with some shadow side of you you named it, you said it out loud. I was really brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not an easy thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Andy You know just taking as an interpersonal psychotherapy. We're going to do that for a second. When you do that with another meaning me, you and I developed trust if you do that same thing with Asia.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection improves his sense of unconditional love close up trust that
Gwenevere Abriel: My dad won't judge me won't call me stupid. I can come to him with my concerns with the ugly side of her the stuff that she's embarrassed about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because I can go to my dad and he can hear me, won't tell me what to do right away. He'll sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a delicate balance right. He did you do want to know kind of how I was thinking as a 15 year old these guys out that that you want to hear it or what you know. You want to learn the hard way how you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This yes
Shaun w: That's basically what I told her door so you want to hear how i what i think this one I think. Yeah. I said, these are the more you treat a guy. Good. The more he's gonna dis you
Shaun w: Said, most of the time, is it when you treat a guy bad he wants you more. It seems like everybody wants what they can't have, you know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: On some level, at at it as a team.
Shaun w: That, that can be a team that's like that like that. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz when I was younger, I was I was it seemed like the more I guess the girls and they wanted to be with me more. It was weird, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you teach Deja about how she needs to maybe
Respect herself and love herself.
Shaun w: What could I tell her I started out in this prison. He was the word of the day when she was younger. She should be all self respect that I was right.
Shaun w: That's the word of the day as well. You gotta respect yourself. I saw you didn't he did you need to watch your mom and act like your mom was Obama's it really good lady, and I said, You need to be like your mom.
Shaun w: Turned out so off respects.
Gwenevere Abriel: She said an age right now. Sean It's called individuation, it's fine. We can share some are attributes of our parents, but we also
Gwenevere Abriel: Right as from about 1213 1415 1617 1819 we need to know existentially that we can go out into the world and live on our own. So we pet we test limits.
Gwenevere Abriel: We find out who we are. Can I, can I handle situations on my own. That's part of her developmental stage and she's right on time for it if she's starting to test limits.
Shaun w: She and I also think that a women mature faster. So she's, she's 15 years old women or girls are more mature, you know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a grasp on language we oftentimes can we can have almost like this web of understanding of complex
Gwenevere Abriel: connections between things a little quicker. Our brains are a little different than than men's to where our grasp on language, we can catch words for things and connections in complex systems, a little faster. It's true. Doesn't mean you guys can't. But yes.
Shaun w: I read in the artists deduction and said that the two highest IQ is ever reporters to women.
Shaun w: Who is like us in the world every important was to women. Yeah, we've
Gwenevere Abriel: Got something to offer it's it's a nice balance but appreciating right oh appreciate yourself. I love that.
Shaun w: Word why ball.
Shaun w: By ball advice is to get mad because I always tell them, I'll tell you, women only have rights because men allow it.
Shaun w: And they're all watch our juvenile and wizard.
Shaun w: I think you guys only have rights because we allow it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you guys do have the muscles. So you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the many, many centuries, that's the case. Yes.
Shaun w: That's how you guys have learned to use your brains. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: A counter argument might be, you're, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're intimidated by our intellect and our ability to
Shaun w: Add
Shaun w: Some of these words, these words you're bumping out
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey hey hey we're sparring. So maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's using your, your brawn against a female because we can reproduce and you are amazed at this miracle and that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And maybe, maybe you are actually threatened by this miracle. I don't know. And so maybe controlling us might be might be the safest way to
Shaun w: Control, don't I believe
Shaun w: Yeah, I believe, a man is only as good as his woman. That's what I believe. I believe that if you have a no good woman. You're going to be no good.
Shaun w: So you need to have a good strong woman. If you're a woman is a good strong woman that your life is going to be good. It's all depends on who you're with I've noticed that every friend. I've had when he has a good woman their life's good would have a bad woman there likes bad
Shaun w: You know, I mean, so it seems like it's more on to the woman.
Shaun w: And just hard to find them nowadays because they're
Shaun w: They're not really out there no more like these young girls like it's crazy like that people like these young girls don't have what I'm noticing like married at 21 year old. I don't have
Shaun w: Like they don't even have no morals, like they don't care. Like they'll sleep around and don't even care like back in the day, people cared. They do things like that women didn't, you know, I mean it nowadays it's bad, but they really don't care anymore.
Shaun w: It's gonna be different for you to have a daughter to right that's kind of coming of her sexual
Gwenevere Abriel: Age. She's
Gwenevere Abriel: A special person. And now, reflecting back to your own
Shaun w: Yeah, I tell her I saw these are please don't be some little sleds you want me to hang up on you know as long as you're seeing these are pleased on please respect yourself, don't, don't be some some dirty girl.
Shaun w: Yeah, I mean, I'll try to the time she gets mad. You want me to figure it out. I was are you on drugs because you can call me and I. She's always he always wanted thread hang up on me if I if I asked her if she's doing drugs.
Shaun w: She gets mad. She said that I don't do drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like about her.
Shaun w: I love everything about it. Remember why. No, but like, like a little attitude, a
Shaun w: Little girl.
Shaun w: Yeah, she's she has little attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got a backbone. She knows her own opinion doesn't she
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's encouraging. Right, that's not
Shaun w: Some I see this is a follower to I see what she's around her friends she calls it a little followers. So that's kind of bugs me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's also on time. It's both.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's big right at this age. They care more about their peer group than they do their parents. That's part of the individuation so if we educate them and say that's on time but don't forget your family values are going to steer you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it means you hold on to your values and you bounce it off of desisted feel right for me. I don't want to do it. My friends are doing, but the pressure Asia is strong to be just like your friends, but in the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe in what do you think's right for you is that healthy for your body. Do you want to have a child now are using protection, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But, but it's not
Shaun w: You still bitter via Virginia and I adore you better be over. So we're gonna take you get checked in. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we got 60 seconds here. So why don't you tell me again one more time, a process question open ended question.
Shaun w: Well, I gotta Steve for five more minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it will be torture. You just told your breath so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hang in there but you
Shaun w: Just gotta walk. I said, it's just a long walk. It's all good. I can see four more minutes. I just kind of walk fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you leave here today. What will linger for you. What's important to you that happened here today.
Shaun w: Think that my daughter. Is that an age where she's showing out and she's a individuality, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Question.
Shaun w: individuation
Gwenevere Abriel: She's growing up.
Shaun w: Yeah, she's growing up. She's real pretty to she's real real pretty. Everybody sees it, like, damn, you're gonna have
Gwenevere Abriel: You're walking away today with oh it's
Shaun w: Because she tries to mess with me, Dad, you know, I'm gonna have we're gonna do I'm gonna have a black baby.
Shaun w: And she's always just like trying to mess with me and I was on. I don't care what color it is. Asia. I really don't care it. As always, I don't care what color your kid is if whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 years is all
Shaun w: What she thought he was gonna bug me or something else. Oh no, we don't hurt each of his black white ways
Gwenevere Abriel: So you recognize. She has a style what she does is she provokes so she from it provokes things by
Gwenevere Abriel: Throwing
Gwenevere Abriel: Things out and seeing how you bring
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Shaun w: She does that she did a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember that when you decide to get offended that it might be another one of her her style as a young person.
Shaun w: You don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: To get offended if you don't want to
Shaun w: Just blow it off. I don't know if she's she knows how to get under my skin.
Shaun w: She's good. She's he's a little he's a little trip.
Shaun w: With her mom's around she acts like a little. She always says, Dad, I'm an angel. She tells you know they will revolve around us all nice and cool and then what her mommy around. She's a totally different person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, funny. Okay, so she knows how to read the audience, right.
Shaun w: Yeah, she manipulates yeah so far, even in master manipulator.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Sean is let's talk about medication for just a moment, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: JUST ONE OF THOSE ARE YOU OUT OF MEDICINE show my messaging, your doctor or is it
Shaun w: Time. I'm good.
Shaun w: I'm going to go get it right now. I'm going to walk over there to the store and get it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, now you have you have been attending, I believe we have been meeting weekly. Would you like to meet individually every other week moving forward.
Shaun w: Yeah, that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this let's set our next appointment for
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby to do boo boo March 17th at 9am
Shaun w: March seven 717
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Tuesday.
Shaun w: You please text me to remind me that night before, like you do.
Shaun w: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: For being a human. I'll certainly endeavor to do so.
Alright. Be good to Sean
Shaun w: Try to write
Shaun w: Alright. Have a good one. Be safe. Okay.